and now I'd like to show you my version
of sweet and sour pork for this you'll
need 12 ounce of lean pork cut into
1-inch cubes and then you need to
marinate the pork in 1 tablespoon of
rice wine or you structure if you can't
get rice wine 1 tablespoon of light soy
sauce and about 1/2 a teaspoon of salt
mix that very well together and let it
sit for about 20 minutes then make a
batter with one whole egg mixed in with
2 tbsp of corn flour be sure to mix that
very well as you can see it's a very
light batter then remove the meat from
the marinade with a slotted spoon
leaving the marinade behind then mix
that very well to coat the pieces of
pork with the batter the next step is to
deep fry the pork and for this you can
use a wok or a chip pan or a deep fat
fryer and the pork should look like this
when it's been properly deep-fried and
this only takes a couple of minutes and
as you can see it's a very light batter
and I think a good sweet-and-sour pork
should be like this it should never
never be too doughy nor greasy then
drain it on kitchen paper now I'm going
to make the sweet and sour sauce but
first I'm going to show you the
vegetables that will go in the sweet and
sour sauce for this you need 2 ounces of
green pepper 2 ounces of red pepper 2
ounces of spring onions and 2 ounces of
carrots blanch for about 4 minutes in
boiling water as you can see most of the
vegetables have been cut more or less to
the size of the pork this will allow the
dish to look very harmonious and all the
vegetables will cook nice and evenly the
last ingredient is 3 ounces of light key
this is a nice Chinese fruit and you can
buy it in tins and you can find it at
most supermarket if you can't get it you
can substitute fresh orange segments
which will be very nice also now I'm
going to make my sweet and
sour sauce for this I'm using five fluid
ounce of chicken stock and to that I'm
going to add the seasonings one
tablespoon of light soy sauce about a
half a teaspoon of salt vinegar one and
a half tablespoon of vinegar you can use
Chinese white rice vinegar or cider
vinegar about one tablespoon of tomato
paste and this will add a very nice
color to the sauce mix that around and
finally one tablespoon of sugar and this
will of course be the sweet to go in the
sweet and sour sauce next add the
vegetables this is very colorful and
look at I love the different colors of
this mix that very well together and as
that is cooking I want to show you a
traditional Chinese type of thickening
sauce this is a binder which I'm going
to put inside the sauce and it's made
with one teaspoon of corn flour combined
with one teaspoon of water and you need
to give this a stir
right before you add it to the sauce
stir that around and then add it to your
sweet and sour sauce mix that very well
and be sure to let it come to a boil
this is very important because this will
cook out the starch and making the sauce
nice and smooth and so I can cover the
pieces of pork and the vegetables when
this comes to a boil like that add the
pork
mix that around and then add the like
she looks very colorful indeed very nice
and all you need to do at this point is
just let the pork and then light you
warm through and you're ready to serve
it and leave me it tastes as good as it
looks
and that's sweet-and-sour pork from
southern China